  Analysis of retinal vessels is the study of delicate arteries and veins within the eye. Some morphological features like diameter, branching angle, length, and tortuosity can be used for the diagnosis, treatment and evaluation of various ophthalmologic and cardiovascular diseases. Some of the diseases include diabetes, hypertension, arteriosclerosis, retinopathy of prematurity and retinal vessel occlusion. If these diseases are not diagnosed in time, it can eventually lead to issues such as blindness. Hence, the segmentation of retina vessels becomes very crucial since it facilitates early detection and diagnosis of such diseases. 
  
  In order for a segmentation technique to be considered acceptable, it needs to be able to detect and create segmentations for variable vessel sizes as well as preserve any abnormalities seen in the original fundoscopic image. Manual segmentation is tedious, timeintensive, and error prone, especially during the analysis of large and complex datasets. There are many scenarios in which two doctors label the same image differently, which also introduces inconsistencies depending on which medical professional was chosen. On the other hand, automated segmentation is much faster, quantitatively more accurate, and saves the doctors a lot of time by allowing the patients to be treated faster and more efficiently. It also creates a more universally accepted strategy of labeling of vessels, thus creating consistency. 
  
  The model is based on General Adversarial Network (GAN) trained on perceptual loss. GAN models are known to generate data that are much realistic based on the input information. Perceptual loss helps the model recognize the differences in the features of the extracted image and the expected manually segmented images. 
The model consists of a generator based on U-Net model, 3 discriminators to which work on different receptive fields. The perceptual loss is calculated based on the features extracted by a pre-trained Le-Net Model. 
  
  There are experts who are manually segmenting the vessels but due to lack of fundus image acquisition technology which causes noise in retinal vascular image and the presence of tiny vessels makes it difficult to segment and the accuracy of segmentation is also reduced.
